remove vendored BoringSSL option (#2080)
cloudflare/quiche: README.md

Note that [BoringSSL], which is used to implement QUIC's cryptographic handshake
based on TLS, needs to be built and linked to quiche. This is done automatically
when building quiche using cargo, but requires the `cmake` command to be
available during the build process.

On Windows [NASM](https://www.nasm.us/) is also required. The [official BoringSSL
documentation](https://github.com/google/boringssl/blob/master/BUILDING.md) has
more details.

> In alternative you can use your own custom build of BoringSSL by configuring the

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
Alternatively you can use your own custom build of BoringSSL by configuring the
```
